{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12860\viewh12600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. Spot the Flaws
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Prompt: Act as a recruiter for [your industry/role]. Review my resume below and highlight weak areas, overused buzzwords, and missing metrics. Be brutally honest.
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 2. Rewrite for Impact
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Prompt: Rewrite this resume to sound more results-driven, quantifiable, and compelling for [target role]. Focus on achievements, not just duties.
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 3. ATS Boost
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Prompt: Update this resume to be fully optimized for Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS) for the role of [specific role/title]. Use industry-specific keywords naturally.
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 4. Craft My Hook
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Prompt: Write a powerful, 3-line professional summary that hooks a recruiter in under 10 seconds. Prioritize impact, clarity, and value.
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 5. Upgrade Experience
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Prompt: Rephrase the experience section to highlight impact, results, and transferable skills using action verbs and quantifiable outcomes.
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 6. Format Fix
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Prompt: Suggest a clean, modern resume format that works for both humans and ATS. No graphics, no columns. Just structured and effective.
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 7. Tailor for the Role
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Prompt: Tailor this resume to fit this specific job description [paste JD]. Highlight matching experience and reword sections to match the language used.
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 8. Standout Cover Letter
\fs24 \
\

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Prompt: Write a compelling cover letter based on this resume and job description. Keep it personal, enthusiastic, and under 200 words.}